gh-139707: Add mechanism for distributors to supply error messages for missing stdlib modules (#140783)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. option:: --with-missing-stdlib-config=FILE

   Path to a `JSON <https://www.json.org/json-en.html>`_ configuration file
   containing custom error messages for missing :term:`standard library` modules.

   This option is intended for Python distributors who wish to provide
   distribution-specific guidance when users encounter missing standard library
   modules that are packaged separately.

   The JSON file should map missing module names to custom error message strings.

>    For example, a configuration for the :mod:`tkinter` module:

Reviewer: Split packaging is one use case; I'd also mention removing/disabling modules on purpose. For example:
```suggestion
   For example, if your distribution packages :mod:`tkinter` and
   :mod:`_tkinter` separately and excludes :mod:`_gdbm` for legal reasons,
   the configuration could contain:
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. option:: --with-missing-stdlib-config=FILE

   Path to a `JSON <https://www.json.org/json-en.html>`_ configuration file
   containing custom error messages for missing :term:`standard library` modules.

   This option is intended for Python distributors who wish to provide
   distribution-specific guidance when users encounter missing standard library

>    modules that are packaged separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   distribution-specific guidance when users encounter standard library
   modules that are missing or packaged separately.
```
